

1. Diskussion about the venue agreement -> results are going in the shared document

2. Fri Setup Deko, installations. Technical stuff on saturday. Beginning 10am, Fri until 6pm
Setup 2 audio, 1 light technican. 
Gregor gave a quick point-at tour about the installations.
Discussion how to access the backstage: we have to do a extra wall to make sure
 people enter the orchesta pit deep enough not to hit their heads. The second door will 
be a soft barrier emergency exit.
The idea to have people on the stage was discussed. officially from the bauamt
only performers are allowed on the stage. They told us not to put other people on the stage

sound on sunday is a problem, even cleaning and loading a car, in the backyard, especially.
maybe a code for signalling if police appears.

heating: specially for david, delphi do it as hot at possible, special heating
 on the stage and backstage
there is no mold (Schimmel) in the walls, just salt from the walls.
Bar in room only bottles, lounge bar also cocktails
Cold stuff can be brought to the office balcony, we put it on the bar, and
niklas brings it into the office. For friday and saturday its ok to use the fridge partly.
Delphi has two coffee machines we can use.
Glühwein or Feuerzangenbowle sold by Delphi
dinking coins for artists and tech people, from Niklas, we buy from them in advance
daniels additions:
ok for picture and everything. 
Walls in the lounge are also historic, but less critical, so might work with glue spots

sound system not to the maximum
code: 6-0 for turning the volume down
Randy can limit the controlling mixer to a maximum volumes
taking out specific frequencies won't work.
Johannes proposed to put some styropor beneath the speakers
randy proposed to center the subwoofers in the orchestra pit and the tops in front
of the stage.


police can't enter, have to wait for organizer. in this time everything has to
be police proof (sound etc.).

with Niklas and Brina until 9:45pm

Holger brings his nowhere Tarp

1 extra person for the door between 9 and 11 (?)

food on sunday night for volunteers. 

saturday sound stuff - one sound guy doesn't seems to have a ticket,
daryl is doing 6pm backstage soundcheck

all small technical stuff is on its way

we have to rent wardrobe racks, Randy provides a list of that and other stuff for budget tomorrow

Greg is organizing the door list.

Greg is preparing a general message, is collecting emails for that.
Überweisung ends friday/saturday.

Gregor points out together with the volunteers its important to be
polite and fun. randy adds that we have to be aware that volunteers
weren't that much involved, so be patient, and leave them
room for detail decisions . Greg empasized fluffing and stuff.

we'll have armbands to be recognizeble

throwing someone out is like we try to calm down things
we'll have a security meeting before to make sure they now there rules. it will
be around 8:30 after they arrived. we introduce them to the rangers.

volunteers: fri 20 + us, sat 40+us, sunday 20-30 (Coris plan)

fri+sat+sun also coffee (2 machines in delphi, other will be brought)

list for small tools

gregor puts kitchen stuff list in the wiki and wants everyone bring stuff

tickets for artists, several people don't understand our way.

Holger asks his parents for storage for leftover stuff.

paypal account might have to be switched, but only aber holgers account is blocked











